Savory Navy Cheetah

medium

# Missing Sequencer uptime check in ChainlinkPriceOracle

## Summary

`ChainlinkPriceOracle` sources and aggregates token prices from Chainlink feeds. When the Arbitrum sequencer is not working, the protocol is vulnerable to operating with stale prices for transactions passing by force inclusion.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the [chainlink docs](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds):

>  If a sequencer becomes unavailable, it is impossible to access read/write APIs that consumers are using and applications on the L2 network will be down for most users without interacting directly through the L1 optimistic rollup contracts. The L2 has not stopped, but it would be unfair to continue providing service on your applications when only a few users can use them.

> To help your applications identify when the sequencer is unavailable, you can use a data feed that tracks the last known status of the sequencer at a given point in time. This helps you prevent mass liquidations by providing a grace period to allow customers to react to such an event.

That means when the sequencer is down, it is possible (and likely) that asset prices diverge, and the Chainlink feeds will not be updated despite the "0.5% price threshold" being hit.

With larger price swings, an attacker can profit from the situation by pushing a transaction via the `SequencerInbox.forceInclusion` method. This can cause their attack to be executed before any updates to the Chainlink feeds, tricking the protocol into operating with stale prices.

## Impact

Attackers can exploit the price feeds not receiving timely updates to extract financial value from the protocol's swaps happening with incorrect slippage ranges.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/3241f1bf0c8e951a41dd2e51997f64ef3ec017bd/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/chainlink/ChainlinkPriceOracle.sol#L90-L108

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adding a sequencer uptime check like suggested in the [chainlink docs](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds). An example production-ready implementation with a configurable grace period is the [Aave PriceOracleSentinel](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x7A9ff54A6eE4a21223036890bB8c4ea2D62c686b#code).