Low Mauve Crab

medium

# No check for active Arbitrum Sequencer when getting price from oracle

## Summary
Chainlink recommends that all Optimistic L2 oracles consult the Sequencer Uptime Feed to ensure that the sequencer is live before trusting the data returned by the oracle.

## Vulnerability Detail
If the Arbitrum Sequencer goes down, oracle data will not be kept up to date, and thus could become stale. However, users are able to continue to interact with the protocol directly through the L1 optimistic rollup contract. You can review Chainlink docs on [L2 Sequencer Uptime Feeds](https://docs.chain.link/docs/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds/) for more details on this.

As a result, users may be able to use the protocol while oracle feeds are stale. This could cause many problems, such as incorrect delta hedging, incorrect option premium, incorrect payoff, etc.

## Impact
Incorrect data from the price feed breaks core functionality of the protocol. An example is that delta hedging uses `oraclePrice` within `FinanceIG.getDeltaHedgeAmount()`  to determine the `tokensToSwap`. However if this price is stale due to the L2 sequencer being inactive, then it leads to incorrect delta hedging. Once the sequencer is active again, the LPs position will suddenly no longer be delta neutral, leading to their risk being more than that of a Uniswap v3 LP. This is a breakage of core protocol functionality.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/3241f1bf0c8e951a41dd2e51997f64ef3ec017bd/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/chainlink/ChainlinkPriceOracle.sol#L110-L125

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement the check provided in the [Chainlink Docs](https://docs.chain.link/docs/data-feeds/l2-sequencer-feeds/) to ensure that the L2 sequencer is active.