Low Mauve Crab

high

# Inconsistency in calculation of `withdrawDepositEquivalent` and `amountToWithdraw`, leading to updating state incorrectly and permanently unredeemable baseTokens accruing in the vault.

## Summary
When initiating withdrawal, withdrawDepositEquivalent is effectively calculated using the average sharePrice of all the deposits for a given LP's depositReceipt, however when completing withdrawal- amountToWithdraw is calculated using the sharePrice at the epoch that the withdrawal was initiated. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In `Vault::_initiateWithdraw()`, `withdrawDepositEquivalent` is calculated by the following line of code:
```solidity
    uint256 withdrawDepositEquivalent = (userDeposits * shares) / userShares;   
```
Where `userDeposits`=`depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount` and `userShares` = user's vaultToken balance.
This effectively converts the shares into baseToken, with the exchange rate being the average exchange rate across all the deposits within this depositReceipt.

Then, two key state variables:`_state.liquidity.totalDeposit`, `depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount` are updated as such:
```solidity
    _state.liquidity.totalDeposit -= withdrawDepositEquivalent;
    depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount -= withdrawDepositEquivalent;
```

However when this withdrawal is actually executed in `Vault::completeWithdraw()`, the amount of baseTokens sent to the user (`amountToWithdraw`) is calculated via the following line:
```solidity
    uint256 pricePerShare = epochPricePerShare[withdrawal.epoch];
    uint256 amountToWithdraw = VaultLib.sharesToAsset(withdrawal.shares, pricePerShare, _shareDecimals);
```
This converts the same number of shares into baseToken, except the exchange rate it uses is the sharePrice from the epoch at which the withdrawal was initiated.

Hence, `amountToWithdraw` is calculated using a different sharePrice to `withdrawDepositEquivalent`, so the key state variables are decreased by the wrong amount, since they are not being decreased by the actual amount of deposited tokens which were withdrawn by the user.

## Impact
Because of this inconsistency, there are two different impacts-

1. **Impact 1** (`amountToWithdraw` < `withdrawDepositEquivalent`):
In this case, the LP is sent less baseTokens than what is accounted for. This means that the vault's remaining baseToken balance will be greater than `_state.liquidity.totalDeposit`, accruing baseTokens in the vault that can never be withdrawn by users, so loss of funds for LPs. 
2. **Impact 2** (`amountToWithdraw` > `withdrawDepositEquivalent`):
In this case, the LP is sent more baseTokens than what is accounted for. This means that the vault's remaining baseToken balance will be less than `_state.liquidity.totalDeposit` and they have effectively redeemed baseTokens which belong to other LPs. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/3241f1bf0c8e951a41dd2e51997f64ef3ec017bd/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L509-L510

## Proof of Concept
Here is a step-by-step walkthrough of how this issue arises:

First, alice calls `initiateWithdraw({shares: 5}, false);`
1. Assume that alice has a `depositReceipt` with .cumulativeAmount = 100, and that this was accumulated over more than 2 epochs.
    - This means that in `_initiateWithdraw()`, `userDeposits`=100.
2. Assume that `userShares` = 80 (This suggests an average sharePrice of 1.25 baseToken per share)
    - Note: This assumption is not an edge case, it is a very normal potential state.
3. Due to [this line of code](), `withdrawDepositEquivalent` is calculated to be (100 * 5) / 80
    - Thus, `withdrawDepositEquivalent` is 6. (6 baseTokens)
4. `_state.liquidity.totalDeposit` and `depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount` are both decreased by 6.

After this, the epoch rolls, and `epochPricePerShare[lastEpoch]` is calculated to be 1 baseTokenPerShare.

Then, alice calls `completeWithdraw()`
1. `amountToWithdraw` is calculated using the `pricePerShare`=1, and `withdrawal.shares`=5
    - Thus, `amountToWithdraw` is 5 (5 baseTokens), and this is what is sent to the user.

Now this discrepancy between `amountToWithdraw` and `withdrawDepositEquivalent` leaves 1 baseToken sitting in the vault that is completely unaccounted for, and cannot be withdrawn by any user, so funds are lost.

<ins>**Note:**</ins> the above scenario is not an edge case or 1 in a million situation. The requirements are simply that a user's cumulative deposits span over more than 2 epochs, since this creates a discrepancy between the average sharePrice and the last sharePrice, which causes the accounting errors explained in the report.

If the change in sharePrice was greater, and the funds deposited were greater, then the overall impact would also increase proportionally. The PoC uses small values just as a minimal example. 

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
This issue is not very simple to mitigate, since at the time of withdrawal, the withdrawal epoch's share price (from the `epochPricePerShare` mapping) has not yet been determined (it is only determined while rolling to the next epoch).

However a way to minimise the damage would be to calculate `withdrawDepositEquivalent` using the current sharePrice rather than using the average sharePrice that was used for all the cumulative deposits.