Gentle Fiery Locust

medium

# Manipulation of _state.liquidity.totalDeposit

## Summary

LP can transfer their shares to another LP through ERC20 transfer. Thus, when the second LP withdraws these shares, they will not be deducted from _state.liquidity.totalDeposit. This way, _state.liquidity.totalDeposit will not reflect the actual amount of deposits, leading to various issues.

## Vulnerability Detail

When depositing, the amount is added to _state.liquidity.totalDeposit and to depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount. When withdrawing, it is determined what portion of the shares the user wants to withdraw, a proportional part of depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount is calculated, and it is deducted from depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount and from _state.liquidity.totalDeposit. Therefore, a user can withdraw max their initial deposit from the total deposits even if they have received shares from other users. Example:

1) User A has 10 shares and an initial deposit of $100, i.e., depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount = 100.
2) User A receives 10 shares from user B.
3) User A withdraws 10 shares, reducing depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount by 10/20 -> $50. Accordingly, $50 is deducted from _state.liquidity.totalDeposit.
4) User A withdraws the last 10 shares. Similarly, $50 is deducted from depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount and from _state.liquidity.totalDeposit.
5) The problem is that in this way, the initial deposit of $100 from user B is not deducted from _state.liquidity.totalDeposit, but the shares are withdrawn.

The maxDeposit variable is used to allow administrators to control the TVL in the protocol (they intentionally measure only deposits, i communicated it with them). It determines the maximum value that _state.liquidity.totalDeposit can reach. As seen above, a malicious user can artificially increase _state.liquidity.totalDeposit, thereby limiting the actual amount of deposits that can be made because the deposit function will revert if someone try to deposit amount more than maxDeposit - _state.liquidity.totalDeposit.

The described above leads to the following attacks: 
1. A user can artificially maintain a high utilization ratio. For example when there is significant interest in the IG tool from traders but insufficient funds can be deposited by LPs
2. A user can decide to launch a denial-of-service (DOS) attack on the deposits by manipulating state.liquidity.totalDeposit and maxDeposit. Administrators can increase maxDeposit, but if the value is not sufficiently large, the procedure can be repeated. On the other hand, an excessively high value will render the TVL control mechanism useless.

These attacks can go unnoticed by the protocol team for a long time because when checking the balance of the Vault, it will appear that it does not exceed maxDeposit, and there will be no need to increase it.

<details>
<summary>POC</summary>
This function should be added in Scenarios.t.sol

```solidity
    function testManipulateDepositsAccounting() public 
    {
        string memory scenarioName = "scenario_1";
        bool isFirstEpoch = true;

        console.log(string.concat("Executing scenario: ", scenarioName));
        string memory scenariosJSON = _getTestsFromJson(scenarioName);

        console.log("- Checking start epoch");
        StartEpoch memory startEpoch = _getStartEpochFromJson(scenariosJSON);
        _checkStartEpoch(startEpoch, isFirstEpoch);

        address attacker = address(0x4);
        uint256 amount = 400000e18;

        TokenUtils.provideApprovedTokens(_admin, _vault.baseToken(), attacker, address(_vault), amount, vm);
        
        vm.startPrank(_liquidityProvider);
        _vault.redeem(800000000000000000000000);

        vm.startPrank(attacker);
        _vault.deposit(amount, attacker, 0);

        Utils.skipWeek(true, vm);
        vm.startPrank(_admin);
        _dvp.rollEpoch();

        vm.startPrank(attacker);
        _vault.redeem(400000000000000000000000);

        vm.startPrank(_liquidityProvider);
        IERC20(_vault).transfer(attacker, 800000000000000000000000);

        vm.startPrank(attacker);
        _vault.initiateWithdraw(1200000000000000000000000);

        Utils.skipWeek(true, vm);
        vm.startPrank(_admin);
        _dvp.rollEpoch();
        
        vm.startPrank(attacker);
        _vault.completeWithdraw();

        (,,,, uint256 totalDeposit,,,,) = _vault.vaultState();

        //you can see that the value of  state.liquidity.totalDeposit is not 0 even when all shares was withdrawn. 
        console.log("Total deposit: %d", totalDeposit);
    }
```
</details>

## Impact

Manipulation of the mechanics of the protocol and broken core functionality in case of dos. (point 2.)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/3241f1bf0c8e951a41dd2e51997f64ef3ec017bd/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L324-L338
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/3241f1bf0c8e951a41dd2e51997f64ef3ec017bd/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L507-L510

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

An idea for a fix is to move the depositReceipt.cumulativeAmount from the sender to the recipient when there is a transfer of shares from one user to another.
