Low Pewter Lion

high

# Interactions with AMMs do not use proper deadlines for operations

## Summary

Interactions with AMMs do not use proper deadlines for operations.

## Vulnerability Detail

Most of the functions that interact with AMM pools are passing `block.timestamp` to a pool as a deadline parameter, which means that whenever the miner decides to include the transaction in a block, it will be valid at that time, since block.timestamp will be the current timestamp.

```solidity
File: src/providers/uniswap/UniswapAdapter.sol

function _swapInSingle(
        address tokenIn,
        address tokenOut,
        uint256 amountIn
    ) private returns (uint256 tokenOutAmount) {
        ISwapRouter.ExactInputSingleParams memory params = ISwapRouter.ExactInputSingleParams(
            tokenIn,
            tokenOut,
            _DEFAULT_FEE,
            msg.sender,
@@----->    block.timestamp,
            amountIn,
            0,
            _SQRTPRICELIMITX96
        );

        tokenOutAmount = _swapRouter.exactInputSingle(params);
    }
```

The transaction can be pending in mempool for a long and the trading activity is very time sensitive. Without deadline check, the trade transaction can be executed in a long time after the user submit the transaction, at that time, the trade can be done in a sub-optimal price, which harms user's position.

No expiration deadline may create a potential critical loss of funds vulnerability for any user initiating a swap, especially when there is no slippage protection (see my other finding for more info).

## Impact

AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter (for example see Uniswap V2 and Uniswap V3). If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades.

A malicious miner can hold the transaction, which may be being done until the transaction incurs the maximum amount of slippage.
Consider the following scenario:  
Alice wants to swap 100 USDC for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.  
The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods.  
When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. She will still get 1 ETH but the DAI value of that output might be significantly lower.  
She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.

An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:  
The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it.  
The price of USDC has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more ETH when the swap is executed. But that also means that her maximum slippage value is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.  
A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated maximum slippage value now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/uniswap/UniswapAdapter.sol#L180
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/uniswap/UniswapAdapter.sol#L194
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/uniswap/UniswapAdapter.sol#L214
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/uniswap/UniswapAdapter.sol#L232

## Tool used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Use deadline argument to all functions that interact with AMMs, and pass it along to AMM calls.