Flat Pineapple Pangolin

medium

# DEX swaps will revert if their execution price is too good, causing lost gas and inconvenience for the protocol and users

## Summary

In the `SwapAdapterRouter.sol` file, slippage is checked in both ways. This means that transactions which use  `swapIn` are going to revert not just when the swap returns significantly less than expected according to the oracle price, but they're also going to revert when the swap returns significantly more than expected. The situation is symmetrical for `swapOut` internal calls, which will revert when they require significantly less input tokens than expected.

## Vulnerability Detail

The expected maximum slippage in `SwapAdapterRouter.sol` is computed using calls to `_slippedValueOut` and `_slippedValueIn`, which use either the default slippage constant value 2%, or a value specifically configured for the pair.
For example, for `swapIn` the amounts are first computed with:

    (uint256 amountOutMin, uint256 amountOutMax) = _slippedValueOut(tokenIn, tokenOut, amountIn);

Then the swap is done, and the result from the swap (`amountOut`) is checked:

    if (amountOut < amountOutMin || amountOut > amountOutMax) {
         revert Slippage();
    }

While it's clear that it's important to check if the minimum output amount has been received, it is not clear why receiving more than `amountOutMax` would be a problem for the protocol.

In case it's actually a problem (e.g. it can create imbalanced vaults, and you don't want to deal with this situation) then the extra tokens above `amountOutMax` could simply be sent to some buffer account, rather that reverting the whole transaction.

The situation is symmetrical with regard to the `swapOut` function.

## Impact

The user will lose their gas fees if their transactions revert due to this slippage check. The protocol itself will lose money spent on gas when `rollEpoch` reverts because of this reason, and also because it purposefully decides to avoid taking the extra tokens in this situation.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/SwapAdapterRouter.sol#L168-L170
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/SwapAdapterRouter.sol#L193-L195

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Change the check in `swapIn` to:

        if (amountOut < amountOutMin) {
            revert Slippage();
        }

2. Change the check in `swapOut` to:

        if (amountIn > amountInMax) {
            revert Slippage();
        }
