Helpful Hemp Fly

medium

# `SwapIn` and `SwapOut` is still prone to MEV, even if the oracle price is checked against.

## Summary
SwapAdapterRouter's `SwapIn` and `SwapOut` is still prone to MEV, even if the oracle price is checked against, if the slippage value is set too high. If set too low, transactions can revert often.

## Vulnerability Detail
Inside the swapIn function, the slippage control is programmatically set. The function computes `_slippedValueIn` which calculates the expected value in from the oracle price. However, as we know that onchain oracle price may deviate from the true value, since oracle prices update on heartbeats and deviation threshold. This means that the value used may not be exact and that there may be extractable values for MEV bots.

The protocol aims to fix this by adding the % slippage control away from the price oracle. However, the slippage control value defaults to 2% on unset threshold. This means that the default extractable value could be as high as 2% (normal swap can be 0.3% swap fee, or less like 0.05% for some pools).

During each swap, the value loss can be up to the slippage value set (in addition to the oracle deviation from the pool spot price).

## Impact
If the slippage value is set too low, then transaction can revert often when prices move only a little.
If the slippage value is set too high, then MEV bots can easily capture the available gap between the slippage.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/SwapAdapterRouter.sol#L158

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/providers/SwapAdapterRouter.sol#L187

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Take slippage control as a swap function input from offchain instead of programmatically use a fixed % slippage from oracle price.