Energetic Carbon Hornet

high

# Inadequate checking on the arbitrary `receiver` address given to the external `deposit` function introduces compliance risks of contaminating the protocol & users' addresses

## Summary
Inadequate checking on the arbitrary `receiver` address given to the external `deposit` function introduces compliance risks of contaminating the protocol & users' addresses. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In Line#324 of the `Vault.sol`, the contract has an external `deposit` function which is meant to let the users deposit their `baseToken` (`USDC` for example) into the vault. This function is designed to allow any user to specify any arbitrary address as the `receiver`, so that this `receiver` address becomes the beneficiary and can receive shares, and can later interact with the protocol to redeem shares, to withdraw fund...etc.

However, in the function there is not adequate checking performed on this arbitrary `receiver` input, so it can introduce various types of risks to the protocol. To name a few:

1. A malicious user can specify an address of his which has been sanctioned/blacklisted by the `baseToken` protocols like USDC or USDT as the `receiver`, hence creating frequent downstream interactions from such a bad address with the `Vault` address. It can lead to the `Vault` address being contaminated and also added to the blacklists of USDC/USDT..etc. What's worse, if the top or most frequent users of `Vault` also got their addresses blacklisted as a chain of contamination, then that would be a catastrophic situation. Such an attack is easy to implement, and can possibly grow into a quite severe impact on the protocol and the users, so I deem the severity of this issue as HIGH.
2. A genuine user may also make a mistake by not initializing the address of `receiver` before they use their contracts to interact with the `Vault` contract, so that the address(0) is accidentally used as the `receiver`.

## Impact
1. Risks of getting blacklisted for USDC/USDT are brought to the protocol, and maybe to the most frequent users of the protocol.
2. Risks of users losing fund to address(0).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L324

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Added checking on the `receiver` that, revert the trxn if the return is `true` from the `isBlacklisted` function of the `baseToken` (USDC, USDT...etc.)
2. Also, revert the trxn if the `receiver` is address(0).