Best Eggplant Sparrow

high

# A user may not receive all his available shares of previous epochs if the asset amount to be redeemed is too small.

## Summary
In the computation of the asset to shares, there is likely a rounding off error if the amount the user intends to redeem is too small. The shares from previous epochs to be redeemed might truncate to zero, hence the user receiving less shares than his actual available.

## Vulnerability Detail
When redeem is called, the **getSharesFromReceipt** function is also called upon.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L418-L422

This in turn, calls the **assetToShares** function of the Vault library. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/lib/VaultLib.sol#L122-L123

Let's look at the **assetToShares** function. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/lib/VaultLib.sol#L57-L67

The _sharePrice_ can be really high due to market volatility exchanges. And if the asset amount the user intends to redeem is really small, then the computation will truncate to zero, and the returned value of _sharesFromRound_ will be zero, decreasing the _unredeemedShares_ subsequentially. 

This will flaw the accounting on the line below:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L441

And upon next call to redeem the remaining shares at a later time, the operation will revert because _shares > unredeemedShares_ although the user might still have some shares remaining:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L424-L425
 

## Impact
The impact is the user loses accumulated shares of previous epochs for which the user had not redeemed during those epochs. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider reverting if the returned value of sharesFromRound is 0, by adding a require check in the getSharesFromReceipt function. 