Sharp Wool Leopard

high

# Use of `safeApprove` Will Fail When the Previous Allowance is not Zero

## Summary

The use of `safeApprove` will cause some calls to revert when the previous allowance is not set to zero. This will block all the options trading, as well as rolling an epoch. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `safeApprove` was created to mitigate the well-known approval race condition by always checking that the previous allowance is set to zero before setting a new value. This is the implementation:

```solidity
function safeApprove(
    IERC20 token,
    address spender,
    uint256 value
) internal {
    // safeApprove should only be called when setting an initial allowance,
    // or when resetting it to zero. To increase and decrease it, use
    // 'safeIncreaseAllowance' and 'safeDecreaseAllowance'
    require(
        (value == 0) || (token.allowance(address(this), spender) == 0),
        "SafeERC20: approve from non-zero to non-zero allowance"
    );
    _callOptionalReturn(token, abi.encodeWithSelector(token.approve.selector, spender, value));
}
```

When using `safeApprove` to approve a non-zero value and the previous allowance was not zero, the call will revert. This issue may be easily triggered by the function `Vault._buySideTokens`:

```solidity
    function _buySideTokens(uint256 amount) internal returns (uint256 baseTokens) {
        // ...

>>      IERC20(baseToken).safeApprove(exchangeAddress, amountToApprove);
        baseTokens = exchange.swapOut(baseToken, sideToken, amount, amountToApprove);

        // ...
    }
```

The function will first approve the tokens to spend on the swap to the exchange and then it will perform the swap. Because of the `swapOut` function, the contract may not spend all the approved tokens to the exchange, therefore, a dust allowance may be left after the swap. This remaining allowance to the exchange address will cause all the following non-zero approvals to the exchange will revert. 

This issue will block the following calls to `_buySideTokens` and `_sellSideTokens` because are using `safeApprove` to perform the swaps. These two functions are always called when buying, selling positions, and rolling an epoch. 

## Impact

All calls buying or selling a position will be reverted due to this `safeApprove` function. The inability to trade during a period will result in financial losses for users due to price fluctuations. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L777
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L812

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue is recommended to implement one of these two measures:

1. Set the approval to zero after the swaps are executed
2. Use `approve` instead of `safeApprove`