Sharp Wool Leopard

high

# Missing Access Control for `trackVaultFee` Leading to a DoS in Trading Operations

## Summary

A vulnerability exists due to the lack of access control on the `trackVaultFee` function within the `FeeManager` contract, enabling an attacker to trigger a DoS condition for buying and selling positions. By exploiting this flaw, an attacker can use a malicious contract to invoke `FeeManager.trackVaultFee` with an excessively large value, thereby reverting subsequent calls to this function. As a result, operations dependent on `IG.mint` and `IG.burn`, which internally call `trackVaultFee`, would be obstructed, rendering all trading activities inoperative.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability stems from the trading process where users, intending to execute buy or sell orders for IG positions, interact with the `IG.mint` or `IG.burn` functions. These functions, in turn, call their counterparts `DVP._mint` and `DVP._burn`, which finalize the trade by computing the vault fee and invoking `FeeManager.trackVaultFee` to store the fee incurred from the transaction. 

These calls to `trackVaultFee` are made [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/DVP.sol#L178) and [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/DVP.sol#L329):

```solidity
    function _mint(
        address recipient,
        uint256 strike,
        Amount memory amount,
        uint256 expectedPremium,
        uint256 maxSlippage
    ) internal returns (uint256 premium_) {
        // ...

        // Get base premium from sender:
        IERC20Metadata(baseToken).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, vault, premium_ + vaultFee);
>>      feeManager.trackVaultFee(address(vault), vaultFee);

        // ...
    }

    function _burn(
        uint256 expiry,
        address recipient,
        uint256 strike,
        Amount memory amount,
        uint256 expectedMarketValue,
        uint256 maxSlippage
    ) internal returns (uint256 paidPayoff) {
        // ...

        IVault(vault).transferPayoff(address(this), netFee, expired);
        IERC20Metadata(baseToken).safeApprove(address(feeManager), netFee);
        feeManager.receiveFee(netFee);
>>      feeManager.trackVaultFee(address(vault), vaultFee);

        emit Burn(msg.sender);
    }
```

The `trackVaultFee` function is designed to accumulate the fees for each vault within a mapping, thereby keeping a record of the fees accrued from trading activities: 

```solidity
    function trackVaultFee(address vault, uint256 feeAmount) external {
        // Check sender:
        IDVP dvp = IDVP(msg.sender);
        if (vault != dvp.vault()) {
            revert WrongVault();
        }

>>      vaultFeeAmounts[vault] += feeAmount;

        emit TransferVaultFee(vault, feeAmount);
    }
```

However, the absence of access controls on this function allows for its exploitation; an adversary could deploy a contract with a custom `vault` function that returns the vault address to attack and set an exorbitant `feeAmount`. This would lead to the mapping value reaching its maximum for a `uint256`, causing subsequent legitimate calls to `trackVaultFee` to revert due to an arithmetic overflow.

## Impact

The exploitation of this vulnerability will lead to a complete halt in the trading of positions across all affected Vaults, severely impacting users' ability to execute timely trades. The inability to trade could result in financial losses for users due to price fluctuations during the outage. 

The resolution of this issue requires a governance intervention to deploy an updated `FeeManager` contract, during which users may continue to face potential losses.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-smilee-finance/blob/main/smilee-v2-contracts/src/FeeManager.sol#L218-L228

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is crucial to implement robust access control mechanisms for the `trackVaultFee` function. Specifically, the function should be modified to permit calls exclusively from authorized `DVP` contracts.
